Add other tools tutorial (#125)
KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster: docs/tutorial/other_tools.md

781000      778        M                                           #; (lsu) a3  <-- 0
782000      779        M 0x8000026c csrw    unknown_3cc, a3        #; a3  = 0
783000      780        M 0x80000270 lw      a3, 4(a4)              #; a4  = 0x80002928, a3  <~~ Word[0x8000292c]
794000      791        M                                           #; (lsu) a3  <-- 0
795000      792        M 0x80000274 lw      a4, 0(a4)              #; a4  = 0x80002928, a4  <~~ Word[0x80002928]
806000      803        M                                           #; (lsu) a4  <-- 80
807000      804        M 0x80000278 csrw    unknown_3cd, a4        #; a4  = 80
808000      805        M 0x8000027c csrwi   unknown_3ce, 1         #; 
809000      806        M 0x80000280 csrr    a3, mcycle             #; mcycle = 805, (wrb) a3  <-- 805
  ```

`trace_hart_00000.txt` is the trace file for core 0 which is also controlling the SNAX ALU accelerator. The columns are arranged as follows:

 - 1st column is the time in ns.
 - 2nd column is the clock cycle count.
 - 3rd column is the instruction address.
 - 4th column is the instruction.

>  - 5th column are the arguments for the instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 5th column is the arguments for the instruction.
```

>  - 6th column are comments to indicate has happend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 6th column is comments to indicate what has happened.
```
